nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.AcercaDe
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.AcercaDe: AcercaDe()
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.Boot
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.Boot: Boot()
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.Boot: void lanzarPuntuaciones(android.view.View)
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.Boot: void lanzarConfiguracion(android.view.View)
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.Boot: void lanzarSalir(android.view.View)
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.Boot: void lanzarRapidText(android.view.View)
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.Boot: void button2print(android.view.View)
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.Boot: void button3print(android.view.View)
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.Boot: void llpic1print(android.view.View)
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.Boot: void llpic2print(android.view.View)
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.Boot: void llpic3print(android.view.View)
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.Configuracion
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.Configuracion: Configuracion()
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.PideNombre
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.PideNombre: PideNombre()
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.PreguntasLpic
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.PreguntasLpic: PreguntasLpic()
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.PreguntasLpic: void siguientePregunta()
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.Puntuaciones
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.Puntuaciones: Puntuaciones()
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$array: int tiposPreguntas
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$array: int tiposPreguntasValores
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$drawable: int cinco
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$drawable: int cuatro
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$drawable: int diez
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$drawable: int dos
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$drawable: int fondo
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$drawable: int ic_action_search
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$drawable: int logo
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$drawable: int logo2
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$drawable: int nueve
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$drawable: int ocho
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$drawable: int seis
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$drawable: int siete
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$drawable: int tres
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$drawable: int uno
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int TextView01
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int about
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int aceptar
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int button
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int button2
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int button3
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int button4
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int button5
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int config
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int exit
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int icono
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int imageView
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int menu_settings
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int nombre
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int nombreJug
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int opcion1
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int opcion2
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int opcion3
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int opcion4
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int play
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int preguntaActual
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int puntuacionPersona
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int puntuaciones
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int radioGroup1
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int siguiente
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int textView
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int textView2
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int textView3
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int textView4
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int textView5
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int tituloJuego
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$id: int zoomControls
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$layout: int acercade
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$layout: int activity_principal
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$layout: int activity_test
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$layout: int pidenombre
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$layout: int posiciones_lista
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$layout: int puntuaciones
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$menu: int activity_principal
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$menu: int menu
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int TestLpic
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int aceptar
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int acercade
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int app_name
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int botonJuego
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int botonJuego1
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int botonJuego2
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int botonJuego3
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int config
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int exit
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int lpic1
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int lpic2
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int lpic3
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int menu
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int menu_settings
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica10
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica11
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica12
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica13
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica14
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica15
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica16
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica17
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica18
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica19
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica1Respuesta81
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica1Respuesta82
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica1Respuesta83
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica1Respuesta84
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica20
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica21
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica22
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica23
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica24
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica25
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica26
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica27
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica28
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica29
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica2Respuesta31
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica2Respuesta32
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica2Respuesta51
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica2Respuesta71
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica2Respuesta72
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica2Respuesta73
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int preguntaTematica2Respuesta74
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int ranking
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int textAcercaDe
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int textAnimesAndManga
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int textConfiguration
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int textGames
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int textPideNombre
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int textPideNombre1
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int textPideNombre2
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int textPideNombre3
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int textPuntuaciones
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int textSinPuntuaciones
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int textTVShows
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int textTitleConfiguration
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int titlePideNombre
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int titlePideNombre1
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int titlePideNombre2
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int titlePideNombre3
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$string: int title_activity_test_lpic
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$style: int AppTheme
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.R$xml: int configuracion
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.TestLpic: void setTematica(int)
nicolas.alarcon.testlpic.TestLpic: int getTematica()
